Add tokenizePayPalAccount to BTPayPalDriver (#612)
braintree/braintree_ios: V5_MIGRATION.md

## PayPal

#### Custom URL Scheme

> Registering a custom URL scheme in your Xcode project is also no longer required.

Author: ```suggestion
Registering a custom URL scheme in your Xcode project is no longer required for the PayPal flow.
```
